# CS-255-System-Analysis-and-Design

# Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The DriverPass project was a projecet that had a client (DriverPass) come to me (as the system analysis) to create online and in person driving courses to help students practice for their driving test. The company came to me requesting a system that would provide a flexible, user-friendly platform to students in order to create a system that would help students pass their driving test. In this I collected requirements from the customer and then designed a system that met those needs. They wanted a system that was able to work on and off the web, on any device, anywhere, anytime. They also requested the system be maintainalbe by an administrator, they wanted the system to offer help (if requested), in person classes, practice test, on the road training, multiple online and in person packages, and online and over the phone registration. Over the phone registration would be handled by a secertary and the system would be able to be updated by a developer only. The administrator would be able to track changes and request through the site, modify and cancel reservations, and change/update passwords. The system would also stay up to date with any DMV changes notifying the system. 

# What did you do particularly well?
I believe that I did a great job with the diagrams in this design. The UML use case diagram, sequence diagram, activity diagram, and class diagram were designed well and organized and detailed in depthly. I also believe that I collected the business requirements of the customer fully and then implemented them into the design of the system to meet all needs. Outlining the technical requirements and design to meet the customers expectations and above!

# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would choose the functional and nonfunctional requirements, paritcurally the security of the system. I believe the system could be more secure, and that the process of the design could go more in depth with security and the layout of the design. I think that I also left out a few actors, such as the system and the DMV, on my use case diagram. To improve this, I would add the system and DMV as actors to my use case diagram and then go more in depth of the process between these actors operating/engaging on the system. I would also spend more time researching security features to add to the requirements, as I know I could have provided a better security process for this system. I would also further my layout of the design such as the full process each use case needs to go through for a fully functional system! 

# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
It is very important to consider the users needs when designing a system. This ensures you meet all requirements and exceed expectations. I interpreted the user needs by analyzing the stakeholders interview and feedback to create the business requirements. I then identified and prioritized core system requirements, such as scheduling driving lessons, accessing test prep materials, and tracking progress. I then turned these needs into requirements that framed functioanlity, I also kept in mind the users perspective. These requirements arent just used for gathering and creating functional, nonfunctional, and technical requirements, but as well as the creation of use case models, activity diagrams, sequence diagrams, class diagrams, and the system design. They also will guide the product backlog and helped ensure I implemented all requirements into the system to meet all needs. 

# How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
The approach that I take when designing software are gathering requirements from the client rather that is by interview, meeting, online, feedback, reviews, etc. Once we gather these requirements and understand the user needs and stakeholder goals, we can then start breaking these requirements down into functional, nonfunctional, technical, and business requirements that we can them document and prioritize each requirement to meet the clients needs. I think this approach is very important to ensure that all needs are met. I also loved using these requirements to create the UML diagrams and using the different UML tools to design and analyize the system. Designing a system using all of the different models and tools made this process easy and fun. These tools and requirement are all very essential in breaking down the system step-by-step to make sure each need is met. Looking ahead, I plan to continue using all of these techniques and strategies to better my system analysis and design skills. I would also like to continue using interviews, documenting, and aligning features with business goals to ensure that every system I design is both functional and meaningful, meeting all user and business needs. 
